feat(changelog): cockpit-added-cockpit-available-in-all-region 2024-05-24 (#3220)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/may2024/2024-05-24-cockpit-added-cockpit-available-in-all-region.mdx

---
title: Cockpit available in all region !
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-05-24
category: observability
product: cockpit
---

> All the Cockpit is now available in all the 3 regions : FR-PAR, PL-WAW, NL-AMS. In your console, you'll see all your products' data source where you have resources, as long as your external data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cockpit is now available in all three regions : FR-PAR, PL-WAW, and NL-AMS. In your console, you will see all your products' data source where you have resources, as long as your external data sources.
```
